Acdp 224 (#20)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/03_ManageTriggers.md

4. Enter a descriptive name for the trigger in the *Name* field.   
    The entered name is displayed above the trigger input line.

5. Enter the applicable namespace of the desired model in the *Model* field, for example a PIM product.   
  The entered namespace is displayed to the right of the trigger name above the trigger input line.

  > [Info] The data models can be taken from the relevant API documentation.

[comment]: <> (Update as soon as menu entry for models exists in Dev Tools)  

6. Click the *Event* drop-down list and select the appropriate option. The following options are available:  
  - **After creation**   
    Select this option for the trigger to be executed after the model has been created. This option is preselected by default.
  - **After saving**   
    Select this option for the trigger to be executed after the model has been saved.

7. Click the *Condition fulfillment* drop-down list and select the appropriate option. The following options are available:
  - **If all are met**  
    Select this option if you want all conditions to be met for the trigger to be executed. This option is preselected by default.
  - **If any is met**  

>     Select this option if you want any condition to be met for the trigger to be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Select this option if you want the trigger to be executed if any single one of the configured conditions is met.
```

8. Click the *Status* drop-down list and select the appropriate option. The following options are available:
  - **Active**  
      Select this option to activate the trigger.
  - **Inactive**  
      Select this option to deactivate the trigger temporarily.  

9. Enter the priority for the process execution in the *Process priority* field. The priority is specified with a positive integer. The greater the number, the higher the priority.  

  > [Info] As soon as all fields are completed, the ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus04.png "[Add]") (Add) button to add a condition is displayed.  

  ![Add condition](../../Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/EditTriggerAddcondition.png "[Add condition]")

> 10. If desired, add one or several conditions to the trigger, see [Add a condition](#add-a-condition).

Reviewer: Wollen wir extra hervorheben, dass man conditions auch komplett weglassen kann wenn man mag?

  - **changeset.**   
    Select this option if you want to refer to a property that has been changed. Only properties that have been changed are included to the change set.

3. Enter the applicable property in the *Property* field.  

  > [Info] The properties of an entity you can refer to are described in the relevant API documentation. To include a deeper level of the data field, enter a point *.* at a time, for instance *{$entity._pim_tax_zone.id}*. The first point is already included in the *Prefix* field, so you can start with the property name without adding a point at the beginning.

4. Click the *Operator* drop-down list and select the appropriate option. The following options are available:  
  - **Equals**   
    Select this option if the property value must equal the value specified in the *Value* field for the trigger to be executed.
  - **Does not equal**   
    Select this option if the property value must not equal the value specified in the *Value* field for the trigger to be executed.
  - **Is set**  

>     Select this option if any property value must be set for the trigger to be executed. No value must be entered in the *Value* field.

Reviewer: Diese Option wird sich mit ICBPM-204 aendern
